[DOCS] Case file attachments (#2914)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/manage-cases.asciidoc

default setting is `No connector selected`.
. After you've completed all of the required fields, click *Create case*.

[float]
[[add-observability-case-files]]
=== Add files

After you create a case, you can upload and manage files on the *Files* tab:

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/case-files.png[A list of files attached to a case]
// NOTE: This is an autogenerated screenshot. Do not edit it directly.

The acceptable file types and sizes are affected by your {kibana-ref}/cases-settings.html[{kib} case settings].

When you upload a file, a comment is added to the case activity log.

> To view images, click their name in the activity or file list.

Reviewer: Did you mean to say images here? Or should this say files? Not sure without seeing the UI. I would suggest using singular here:

 "To view a file, click it's name in the activity or file list" (or "To view an image..." if your sentence is correct.

Author: Only images can be viewed directly in the app at this time. Other types can only be downloaded or deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
To view an image, click its name in the activity or file list.
```
